During the 2015 election,
I was one of the female candidates.
During the campaigning period,
many of us were attacked.
When we were gathering,
our party’s sign boards
as well as the election sign boards
with my picture were destroyed.
As the election day drew closer,
people from my campaign
intentionally spread rumours
about me.
And made the public
look down on me.
Also, women themselves
did not support women candidates.
Women, they did not believe
in women candidates.
When they voted,
they assumed men candidates
could lead better than women do.
Without women’s support,
winning the election
became even more challenging
for the women candidates.
Some would not help
the women candidates.
Fearing we might become
better than them.
Such hate
Do not only exist between
men and women candidates.
Hate are also seen women themselves.
Women candidates spread
disinformation of one another.
And degrade one another.